good morning so today it is Tuesday it
is my third full day at Exeter
University and once again I am going to
be vlogging because I'm going to be
daily vlogging University with the first
two weeks
[Music]
the first thing I need to do I'm already
as you can see but I need to make my bed
so I'm just gonna be longtime maps which
I'm doing pretty much every morning so
you're going to get quickly tired of
what to make my bed I won't do it
tomorrow don't worry
[Music]
I'm about to make some banana pancakes
so I'm just going to mix up some oats in
my nutribullet
[Music]
okay say at the moment I'm just going
through I'm making these timetables
using sheets from my Urban Outfitters
daily planner because there's a really
good time table section so I can
basically just mark on the things that I
really want to do each day I make sure
that they don't overlap one thing I
really did want to do is something by
the hide-and-seek Society Wednesday
taste so what am i doing one way that
works so well I've literally got like
one window and it's in this taster okay
let's just get editor thumbnail planned
a done read recreationally done
[Music]
okay so I actually left my hair
straighteners on in a room
so I've done a ten minute look off and
had to walk all the way back to turn
them off
it's very silly of me okay so I'm back
here I'm really out of breath because I
basically ran up the stairs real quickly
see that this energy was not put to
waste calm my fringe saturating my
friend so annoyingly because I meant to
get there in time to go and get my uni
card but now it's 10 - so I'm pretty
much just gonna have to go straight to
the back - what I'm really annoyed there
because I did want Apple the steamed
glasses
that's hot so I wanted to UM get that
done this morning but instead I'm gonna
do it let's go back then I'm not gonna
put Mike hate back on
[Music]
now I'm curious by the JK ruling named
the Great Hall after the accident rate
pool
[Music]
miss Pratt is the number one place
rustic food I've actually got one on
something which is amazing
I don't think I always get enough about
about these stars
how can you around the corner I'm not
sure if anyone's that
maybe I should not take the status okay
so I'm pretty hungry at the moment so
I've decided to just finish this rap
which I got the other day basically I
got this rap a couple of days ago so I
ate it for lunch and then I couldn't
finish it so I put it in my fridge and
then yesterday for dinner I ate some
more but again I couldn't finish it so
now I'm gonna eat the last bit because
it's probably you know not be okay to
eat by tomorrow morning I'm gonna finish
this but I'm also gonna go make some
dinner it's just gonna take quite a
while now quite peckish now
okay so lots of nice onion feelings
there and I'm just gonna put these in so
basically I am making a vegan mahogany
and she is just like my mom is made of
before but I haven't so we're gonna have
to see how this goes
we just quit here it's in the bin
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close the
soundtrack and I'm also in the process
of trying to order a new camera a
vlogging camera because I'm trying to
sell my old one so I can get the Canon
what is it GX mark - I think that's the
name of it um but I'm just in the
process of ordering it I put my bank
details in but I thought I put these on
boil whilst I do that okay sorry I went
to the local marketplace so exci to
their own I've come across too but I'm
learning more basically they're kind of
just mini supermarket's on campus which
is really nice you don't have to track
all the way into town
so things I got one thing which is going
to be using the recipe and everything
else will be so I got this soya banana
milk basically they've got a whole aisle
in the restaurant which has kind of
Chinese Japanese Korean food I think
it's because there are so many
international students from that part of
Asia and it's so cool because they have
such nice some things to try so I'm
really excited to try this it's
basically just vegan banana milk even
though I don't approve it the plastic
straw
so go back banana milk and then I got
some cashews I got about 60 pence which
is really good
okay say here my veggies ow I just find
into my head only cupboard do another
city
there we go somewhere vegetables and I
had to cook my pasta in the microwave
because I'm using my own feels done for
that and they wanted to be hot so what I
have been told
cook for seven to nine minutes on the
hob but apparently if you add two
minutes then you can do it in the
microwave instead
this actually looks so good
[Music]
I am just looking through ele which at
Exeter is basically it basically allows
you to look at the syllabus of your
modules and take a look at anything
which your lecturer has set and so
basically I'm just taking a look at this
now to make sure that nothing has been
set ready for the first lecture because
obviously that's something that I would
have to do this is so organized
they've really got weeks one through to
eleven all of the powerpoints up and
then example essays
[Music]
okay so I've just tidied up my desk area
and also put up some fairy lights around
the pinboard and I really really love
the way it looks so that's basically so
this is basically the pin board and it
just looks so lovely I'm gonna turn off
the lights to show you look I love this
so much and why are you sure the timers
but I kind of want to get an early night
so I'm actually thinking about starting
to get ready for bed soon
that's 8:30 um I think I'm just gonna
quickly set up finish setting up my
first direct account and then I will get
to bed
so thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed it and
have a productive
so I've managed to track a wasp it took
me then I wanted to catch it
it's not what she 11 now and I really
wanted an early night I don't know what
to do with him because I'm in my pajamas
I just changed into a jumper so I think
I'm gonna take him downstairs and set
him free outside cuz he'll suffocate if
I keep him in the draw